REGR: read_pickle fallback to encoding=latin_1 upon a UnicodeDecodeError (#32055)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.2.rst

- Using ``pd.NA`` with :meth:`DataFrame.to_json` now correctly outputs a null value instead of an empty object (:issue:`31615`)
- Fixed bug in parquet roundtrip with nullable unsigned integer dtypes (:issue:`31896`).

> - Fixed bug where :meth:`pandas.io.pickleread_pickle` raised a ``UnicodeDecodeError` when reading a py27 pickle with MultiIndex column (:issue:`31988`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression where :func:`read_pickle` raised a ``UnicodeDecodeError`` when reading a py27 pickle with :class:`MultiIndex` column (:issue:`31988`).
```

and move to regression section above.

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. contributors:: v1.0.1..v1.0.2|HEAD

Reviewer 2: Is this modified here for a reason? If not can you revert?

Author: That was not on purpose, I will revert.

Author: @WillAyd done. Thank you for the feedback.
